Document module deprecation in 2.x (#2855)
apache/logging-log4j2: src/site/antora/modules/ROOT/partials/manual/appender-deprecation.adoc

////
    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
    contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
    this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
    The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
    (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

         http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
////

[WARNING]
====

> *This appender is planned to be removed in the next major release, due to lack of maintainers!*
> Users can either:
> 
> * step up and offer to maintain the component. See xref:development.adoc[] for details.
> * maintain a 3.x version as a separate project.
> * switch to another appender.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*This appender is planned to be removed in the next major release!*
If you are using this library, please get in touch with the Log4j maintainers using link:{logging-services-url}/support.html[the official support channels].
```

I think you can receive the `appender` word as a variable and use this partial everywhere a deprecation notice is needed.
